#1713 Developer Portal 2.0 update (#1752)
SuperOfficeDocs/superoffice-docs: docs/en/developer-portal/partner/update-profile.md

You can view your profile via the top menu. Click your display name in the upper-right corner and select **Profile**.

## Name and contact info

The name, email address, and phone number are fetched from your primary SuperOffice tenant. Sign in there to update the personal information. If you need assistance, reach out in the chat or send an email to `appdev AT superoffice.com`.

## Change profile image

> By default, the system uses an image from [Gravatar.com][8]. You can upload a custom image to replace it.

Reviewer: We no longer use gravatar as an option. 
```suggestion
You can upload a custom image to replace the default profile image.
```
